♪
[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salaryman
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything's an item-drop
from monsters.
In this new life,
I'm stuck at level one,
but lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
I was also lucky enough to meet,
a ginormous gorilla monster?
Ooh, I wonder what rare goody
I'll get for defeating
this bad boy!
Hello?
The bunny girl from before.
I hate your kind. Low Levels.
Right, but, did you have to come
to my house to tell me that?
You have something else to say?
That I love you.
[Ryota screams]
♪
Uh, hey, Yoda,
why was there a rabbit here?
Well, that's what
I'd like to know myself.
Do bowtie-wearing bunny girls
live alongside regular humans
in this world?
[grunts]
Uh.
♪
What in the name of...?
Cut it out! I'm your...
[screams]
See that?
Your low-level noggin survived
the same chop.
[RYOTA] You hit me with the same
amount of force?
That's right,
so how are you still standing?
[RYOTA]
That's... I mean.
Uh. Probably because
my HP is maxed out.
Why are you here
asking me weird questions?
Ah. Oh.
Simple.
You dropped this in the dungeon.
Uh...
[both exclaim]
♪
[both gasp]
[both chuckle]
My tummy's hungry!
It demands more carrots!
[sobs]
Like those! I love carrots!
[yells]
What the...?
Those belong to us, you know.
You can eat them
with us if you like.
[yells]
[EMILY] First off,
we want to remove the peel.
♪
Then we slice them up into thin,
uniform shapes
so they cook quickly and evenly.
Boil them just long enough
so that they're cooked,
yet crunchy.
The carrot skin and leaves
make for a nice, savory sauce.
All that's left is to combine
everything on a plate
to create a tri-color
carrot delicacy.
It pairs beautifully with carrot
and bean-sprout soup.
And that's how it's done!
[yells]
[ALL]
Now, dinnertime. Let's eat!
Oh, wow. Yum. It smells amazing!
I guess those ears
aren't part of the costume.
It tastes amazing, too!
I'm not gonna argue
with you on that.
Are you a goddess?
Not quite, but I can't blame
you for thinking so.
Emily's cooking
is totally god-tier!
Let's not go that far.
Eat up.
I made plenty for everyone.
So please have as much
as you would like!
[RYOTA]
Oh, I am stuffed!
[EVE] Thank you
for feeding me carrots.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
-Bye.
-Oh. Um. Bye.
Come back for a visit anytime.
You can count on it. See you.
[door opens then closes]
[chuckles]
That was a little strange.
And I just realized we didn't
even find out her name.
Hey, Yoda, thank you
for tonight.
Huh?
[EMILY]
Before I came to live here,
I always ate alone
in the dungeon.
Getting to share a warm meal
with you
and an unexpected guest
was incredibly special.
It made me really happy.
♪
[RYOTA] It was the same for me.
Every meal, painfully lonely.
If you don't mind.
Let's always eat like this,
you and me, together!
Sure!
[RYOTA] This world has given me
such a happy, cozy life.
In order to protect it.
[creature growls]
♪
[yells]
I have to get stronger!
Oh, crap!
That was my only weapon!
[growls]
[groans]
Fortunately, my HP is S-rank,
so that doesn't hurt.
Ugh, but it's still gross!
[grunts]
Ugh, nasty.
I could use a long-range weapon
about now!
[growls]
[pants]
Huh?
Seeds from this dungeon's
first level raised my HP.
What about the second?
Huh?
/[WOMAN 1]
Ryota's strength increased by 1.
Sweet, a strength boost!
-[Eve sighs]
-[exclaims]
♪
Why are you here?
[gasps]
[grunts]
What'd you get?
Huh?
The drop. What was it?
Uh.
Everyone believes
there are no drops in Nihonium,
but since my drop stats
are S-rank,
I get OP stat boosts.
I'd rather keep that to myself,
in all honesty.
[EVE]
Stare.
[RYOTA]
The bunny can't be trusted.
Get any carrots?
Uh. Seriously?
For your sake. I hope you do.
And if I don't?
It's death or carrots, baby.
My life depends on vegetables?
I haven't found a single carrot.
Let's go to Telulu instead.
Fine, you win.
I'll stop by Telulu later.
Really?
Sure.
You go and wait for me
at the Swallow's Gratitude.
Ah! Aye, aye, captain!
♪
Well, at least
she's fairly low maintenance.
Carrots. That's it.
That seed ranked up my strength
from F to D,
and slimes
got a lot easier to kill.
I'm basically
the God of carrots.
There she is.
-[MAN 1] What's happening?
-[MAN 2] He's insane.
No one in their right mind
just walks up
to the Killer Rabbit!
Here. For you.
[all gasp]
That fool has no idea
what he's getting himself into!
Say what?
I love carrots so much!
[ALL]
What, no way!
How did that jokester
find carrots
that are good enough
for the scary bunny?
[chomping]
Such pure joy.
You've got some issues, lady.
[ERZA]
Hey! Ryota!
Are you friends with
the bunny girl or something?
[RYOTA]
Well, I've met her.
I don't think "friends"
is the right word, though.
Eat as much as you want!
I gave her some carrots,
and now she's obsessed with me.
[all scream]
Hand 'em over!
I'll buy up
the whole bunch from you
for double their retail value!
Double? Sure, but why?
How could you not know?
That woman there.
She's the one and only
Eve Callusleader.
An adventurer who's known
for her natural bunny ears
and overall bunny motif.
They say her special move,
Excalibur,
is deadly
and can cut a boulder in half!
♪
She's also a famous
carrot connoisseur,
and among the dungeons
in the vicinity of Secro,
there are carrot levels
that only she has ever attained!
Her catchphrase
is "Death or Carrots".
It's rumored that people
have actually been killed
because they dared to give her
less-than-ideal carrots!
That's what we call
too much information.
Any carrots that earn
Eve's seal of approval
are sure to sell for the highest
possible price!
We here
at the Swallow's Gratitude
would do anything to get
our hands on such fine stock!
I'll give you 15,000 pilos
per carrot!
/15,000 multiplied by 30,
/that's 450,000
pilos per month!
I've got to thank her!
Uh...
Carrots before gratitude.
[screams]
Gimme more carrots.
That's all I've got for today.
I'll give you some more
tomorrow, okay?
No! I hate you, Low Level!
[RYOTA]
Enough.
[all exclaim]
My name is Ryota Sato,
and it's rude to keep calling me
"Low Level".
But carrots!
I'm sorry.
I promised Emily I'd stop
working by a certain time.
I'll bring you more carrots
tomorrow, trust me.
Death or carrots, baby.
[chuckles]
Gotcha, death or carrots.
Fine, then.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Goodnight!
Hunh.
♪
[chuckles]
More carrots tomorrow!
C-A-R-R-O-T!
[vocalizing]
Carrots!
Well, I'd say we're looking
at another great haul today!
Thanks.
I'll be back with even more.
Be careful, okay?
♪
[MALE PARTY MEMBER]
There it goes!
[FEMALE PARTY MEMBER]
I know!
[screams]
[pants]
♪
[both groan]
Stay strong!
[CAPTAIN]
What do you think you're doing?
[MALE PARTY MEMBER]
Forgive us, Captain.
Captain?
[Captain grunts]
[RYOTA]
He's strong, and yet...
Finished. On to the next one!
[both panting]
Sorry, sir.
We need rest.
Please, just for a moment.
We're so tired.
We haven't had a break
in two days.
[Captain grunts]
-Weaklings!
-[both groan]
[CAPTAIN]
When I was a young lad,
I could spend weeks on end
in a dungeon like this.
That's how I earned
my impressive strength!
I know, but we've barely
had any sleep.
[CAPTAIN]
I'm pushing you so hard
for your sake, not my own!
Our sake. Really?
Really! You will grow stronger
if you follow me!
I wouldn't waste my time
being so strict
if I didn't believe
in your potential!
Yet it seems you two
do not believe in me!
No, that's not...
Captain.
Please forgive us, sir.
That's more like it.
Now, let's go.
[BOTH]
Yes, sir.
♪
[RYOTA]
That was brutal to witness.
I had a boss like him
in my old life.
He'd assign us impossible tasks.
Insisting
it was all for our own good.
I guess jerks are everywhere.
[EMILY]
Yoda?
[RYOTA]
Hmm?
Did something bad happen?
You look like
you've seen a ghost.
Nah, it's nothing.
We should take a break.
You'll feel better after lunch!
♪
[Ryota laughs]
This looks great! Let's eat!
[both gasp]
[yells]
Emily's special lunches!
-Hey, there.
-Carrots.
You're just in time
to join us for lunch, Eve.
I tried making carrot pudding!
[EVE]
Carrot pudding? My goddess!
[chomping]
[laughs]
Yum! This is good, too!
It smells awesome,
and I think there's a hint
of something sweet in there.
That's because
I used sweet-potato flour
for the breading.
The spices
are my own secret recipe!
Cool!
Less talking, more eating!
Here,
this has carrots in it, too.
Okay, I'm sold!
[RYOTA] This is the life.
I feel so... I don't even know.
Just so relaxed.
[CAPTAIN]
Look here. Some wild slobs.
I trust you two know better
than to exhibit
such laziness
within a sacred dungeon.
♪
The items dropped by monsters
have their own spirits.
Your effort
affects their quality.
Drops found by lazy slugs
will be utter trash!
[gasps]
-[both gasp]
-[EVE] Eat the carrots!
[both grunt]
[both gasp]
[chomping]
Wow!
That flavor!
♪
What is the meaning of this?
[EVE] I hate jerks
who disrespect carrots.
What?
Carrots are delicious even
if you didn't lift a finger.
You little...
[groans]
Low Level's carrots
are the best in the world.
[both chuckle]
Nonsense. Let's go!
[both groan]
[EVE]
Hmm.
Time to eat more carrots!
[gasps]
[comping loudly]
Thanks, Eve.
That was really nice of you.
[groans]
More carrots tomorrow!
More carrots always!
Yeah, sure thing.
[chuckles softly]
♪
[ERZA] Ooh, another haul
of top-quality carrots!
To be honest, we got way
more drops than that.
This was just the most
that we could carry.
Wait a sec.
Are you saying that you don't
have your own magic cart?
My own magic what?
Like one of those.
Huh?
♪
A magic cart allows you
to carry more items,
which maximizes both
your efficiency and profits.
Whoa. All right, sign me up!
[EMILY] Are we going to buy
a magic cart?
Yep. I'm liking the sound
of max profits.
I see loads of carts,
so this must be
the place Erza mentioned.
Yay, a customer!
Hello there, little one.
Excuse me.
Can we speak
with your mommy or daddy?
Daddy's in the back
doing modding.
Your daddy is doing what now?
Daddy! We have some customers!
Aww, thanks, Olga.
Good girl,
watching over the shop for me.
[Olga chuckles]
What's this? Ah, welcome.
We're here to purchase
one of your magic carts, sir.
Well then,
I've got just the thing
for an adventurer
such as yourself.
I recommend this model.
It comes equipped
with a monster-detection system.
Hey, that's right up our alley!
It sounds really useful!
Hmm.
I modded it myself
and can guarantee
it works like a dream.
I see, she was serious when
she said that you were modding.
So how much does this one cost?
It'll be ten million pilos.
[BOTH]
Ten million?
If money's a factor,
then I have regular ones
for two or three million.
That's still
very, very expensive.
Cheaper also means less fun.
I'm testing a new one
with bells and whistles
that'll make your eyeballs pop
right outta your head!
Just wait 'til that baby
hits the market!
♪
[RYOTA] Well,
it turns out we're still poor
by magic-cart standards.
We'll have to save up for one.
[EMILY] Right! For now,
let's head home for dinner.
How much you wanna bet
Eve shows up?
I'll be sure
to make something with carrots.
[MAN 3]
A stray's on the rampage!
[both gasp]
[MAN 3]
Run!
[WOMAN 2]
Help!
[MAN 4]
A stray!
What's a stray?
It's a certain type of monster.
When you leave drops behind
in abandoned dungeons,
that's when a stray can appear.
That sounds bad.
[creature growls]
♪
A gorilla?
[growls]
[MAN 5]
Run for your life!
It's heading straight for us!
[WOMAN 3]
Let's get out of here!
[MAN 6]
Somebody, help!
Even adventurers
are running scared!
Strays don't drop items.
Most folks don't wanna
risk fighting them.
It's not worth it to them
without some kind of reward
for the danger involved.
What? So they just run?
♪
[OLGA]
Daddy! I'm scared!
[ORTON]
Hold tight, Olga!
You two had better get going!
[woman 3 screams]
[whimpering]
[growls]
[grunts]
Is... Is that you, Ryota?
Oh, my...
[Ryota grunts]
I'm running out of steam.
[EVE]
Out of my way, Low Level!
[all scream]
♪
Thanks for saving me.
You sure you're okay?
I'm fine.
It's just...
Our town's being demolished.
I'll stop that stray
no matter what.
Huh?
Don't worry.
I'm not going to let that thing
destroy our town!
[EMILY]
I'm going with you!
♪
[growls]
I can't even get close
to the big ape!
I'm coming.
The rest of you,
keep it where it is!
Hold up!
Who do you think you are
dishing out orders like that?
Reckless.
Don't blame me for your demise,
Low Level!
I've got this, leave it to me!
♪
Take that!
Nice one. Thank you!
[screams]
Well done!
Thanks, dudes!
[screams]
What's he doing?
Never underestimate
my unique skill!
[grunts]
[screams]
♪
[pants]
Game, set, match.
You did it, Yoda!
Gotta be the cheekiest
low level ever.
[all cheering]
[MAN 7]
That was unreal!
[MAN 8]
Incredible!
You saved the whole town,
my good man!
-Thanks, mister!
-[MAN 9] We owe you everything!
You're our hero! You protected
the town of Secro from ruin!
We are all in your debt!
♪
[RYOTA]
This feeling.
Before I came here,
I never made anyone happy.
Never made a difference
like this.
But that's changed.
Not just that.
Somehow I've changed, too.
[chimes]
[gasps]
What's that sound?
-You hear something, Yoda?
-[RYOTA] Emily.
Didn't you mention earlier
that strays never drop items?
Right, they never do.
[RYOTA]
That sound is unmistakable.
And I am the only one
who gets drops in Nihonium.
There's a chance it'll be
the same with the gorilla.
[both gasp]
Seriously?
♪